you built an empire from scratch
Mr. Hale is such a part of a man who
built not and everyone will say that
your building provided you with immortality
you get worse you feel
Permanent best minds of mankind, we
we offer time that they realize
its potential is the best system that
may be accessible to man he is alive
empty vessel
if you agree there will be no going back
your old life will end what is it
for heart failure what for stop
hearts
How are you feeling
getting used to the smell of a new body feeling
the humor is great relax and
enjoy life at your age at
it deserved what is the matter easier i just
such a 50th year did not see it was not
hallucination and in immortality is on
the usual service is who is impossible
this summer what can you say
scientific progress always requires a chef i'm not
I wanted this astral and you are ready
kill you got what you wanted
and so on man no I killed to
live forever hunched yes she feel
how your mind evaporated without me
the monument and we both know who took over
only I can stop you from falling
full door beyond himself